README.md, before:

# Courier Delivery Service

A Courier Delivery Service built using the MERN (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js) stack. This application allows users to send courier orders easily, track their order history, and manage their orders. It also provides insightful statistics and charts to help users keep track of their courier activities.



## Tech Stack
- **Server-side:** Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, REST API
- **Client-side:** React.js, jsPDF, HTML, SCSS, CSS, Tailwind CSS, ApexCharts.js
- **Messaging Service:** Twilio SMS
## Features
* **User Authentication:** Users can sign up and log in to the application securely.
* **Order Placement:** Users can place courier orders by providing necessary details.
* **Dashboard:** Users can view statistics on their orders, including the number of successful orders, cancelled orders, and total amount spent on successful courier orders.
* **Monthly Order Chart:** Users can visualize their monthly order history through a bar chart.
* **Order Management:** Users can manage their orders from the sidebar, including viewing order history, cancelling orders, and downloading payment receipts.
  
## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/Rajat119/Courier-Delivery-Service
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd courier-delivery-service
```

Install dependencies for backend

```bash
  cd backend
  npm install
```
Install dependencies for frontend

```bash
  cd ../frontend
  npm install
```

Start the server for backend

```bash
  npm run start
```

Start the server for frontend

```bash
  npm run start
```


## Usage
- Sign up for a new account or log in if you already have one.
- Place a courier order by providing the required details.
- Explore the dashboard to view statistics and charts related to your courier orders.
- Manage your orders from the sidebar, including viewing order history, cancelling orders, and downloading payment receipts.

## Future Additions
- **Payment Gateway Integration:** In the future, we plan to integrate a payment gateway to allow users to make payments securely for their courier orders.

Commit message:

Update README with new repository and features
Updated project repository links and added payment gateway integration details.

README.md, after:

# Courier Delivery Service

A Courier Delivery Service built using the MERN (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js) stack. This application allows users to send courier orders easily, track their order history, and manage their orders. It also provides insightful statistics and charts to help users keep track of their courier activities.



## Tech Stack
- **Server-side:** Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, REST API
- **Client-side:** React.js, jsPDF, HTML, SCSS, CSS, Tailwind CSS, ApexCharts.js
- **Messaging Service:** Twilio SMS
## Features
* **User Authentication:** Users can sign up and log in to the application securely.
* **Order Placement:** Users can place courier orders by providing necessary details.
* **Dashboard:** Users can view statistics on their orders, including the number of successful orders, cancelled orders, and total amount spent on successful courier orders.
* **Monthly Order Chart:** Users can visualize their monthly order history through a bar chart.
* **Order Management:** Users can manage their orders from the sidebar, including viewing order history, cancelling orders, and downloading payment receipts.
  
## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/yuvrajsingh833/Shipzy-Delivery-Service.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd Shipzy-Delivery Service
```

Install dependencies for backend

```bash
  cd backend
  npm install
```
Install dependencies for frontend

```bash
  cd ../frontend
  npm install
```

Start the server for backend

```bash
  npm run start
```

Start the server for frontend

```bash
  npm run start
```


## Usage
- Sign up for a new account or log in if you already have one.
- Place a courier order by providing the required details.
- Explore the dashboard to view statistics and charts related to your courier orders.
- Manage your orders from the sidebar, including viewing order history, cancelling orders, and downloading payment receipts.
- Integrated a payment gateway to allow users to make payments securely for their courier orders.


Made with ❤️ by Yuvraj Singh Rathore
